[18.0][MIG] stock_picking_progress: Migration to 18.0 (#1818)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_progress/README.rst

   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/18.0/stock_picking_progress
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-workflow-18-0/stock-logistics-workflow-18-0-stock_picking_progress
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-workflow&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

> This module adds a new progress field on stock.picking, stock.move.

Reviewer: We should avoid technical terms in modules description IMO, especially for "non-technical" modules:
```suggestion
This module adds a new progress field on stock transfers and moves.
```

> On stock.move, this field represents the percentage of quantity compared
> to the product_uom_qty. On stock.picking, this field is the average
> progress of all moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On moves, this field represents the percentage of quantity processed. On transfers, this field is the average progress of all moves.
```
